Haiya.. There is more than 1 minute left before the transaction file is released
account number bank k= e tng also
what hasn't been spun yet, is it gone ok?
wrong password
where's the boss.. I washed 500 but it hasn't come in yet??
Boss..I washed it in Newtown..from 8pm until now it hasn't come back boss..what's wrong...
It's been more than 3 hours, boss
Watch out for the boss
xpa2 boss can do it
Friends, enter the wrong number
Boy, why didn't the washing go into the bank account?
There are many, have patience=
bro
How come I'd= in joker has been deleted but I'm still playing in the game, I want to clean it
not joker
I'd game pussy terdelete
ana=k
= playing cellphone
Can I ask the ticket number: 61673163 for today, do you have it?
for today 1 ja = the place is open right?
I think all the places were ticked when I made the purchase = i
t= there will be no deductions even if the place is not open
= Hi boss, topup hasn't come in yet
Hi bos morning
The money has been cut but not coming in anymore
I have proof = Transfer, just look at the clock, it's a minute difference
It's not possible
My boss withdrew 200 but it hasn't come in yet
Boss..wash 310 hasn't entered my account yet, boss
what game is running smoothly XDA pay needhh Pa=k Ang branching out
this is how it comes out boss
I have a friend who wants to register as a boss
How do I get that commission?
I and update download app mega = 888
I have updated Douloud
How to remove bank account
After I remove it, I can add it
say= a mistake add my account in my husband's joker
If it fails, the boss can change the number
Change my number boss mau gan = ti
Yes, I know, but I can't open that thing on my phone at the bank..
That's why I asked if I could use = one of the receipts that I sent above
can't print a slip
Did you intentionally lock the account, boss?
Can't you leave?
It's really bad that this is Joker's company now
lucky pay boss ngn perdana se= nd jap nk tgk
the
ok already
Member = Msg
Stuttgra= t vs bayer bole cancel kah bos
Ok bos tq infomation=
Boss... Here, if you refer a member, how much commission do you get?
Ohh ok boss.= .
= If you play the game live, can you wash it? Mcm oceanking
Boss, there's a special k=e today
ok boss..but that bank= because it's already there..if you're not wrong before this, it's not this bank
Boss I have a transfer
Boss... Td withdraw... Tp blum masuk bank
It's been more than 30 minutes... LG hasn't logged in yet...= Why am I logging in again?
already pressed hundreds of times = no luck straight away =F0=9F=98=85
Hello boss..Doesn't Joker have a 4D Sun?
Member Ms= g
If you want to bet the latest 9 lotto 4D = is that possible?
boss..already topup using the account...but can't upload wasap=
bo= s already topup using the account...x can upload the receipt
I topped up fast payment earlier
I came back using the same receipt
the top doesn't come in anymore
until now i haven't paid
I'm not there at all = I want to play mega atu kis
can't you withdraw it back..you're so stupid
s= I don't know.. I lost live online.. I'm satisfied.. instead of playing spin= I have to set it up to know you're a pig... do you want me to cook for you as a family su= you're not stupid
Already approved but no money has come in= k??
o yes KA.. if the ATM cash deposit is ok?
Yes. The receipt has written money now.
so, will 19 enter this account too soon?
I mean within 24 hours, it doesn't necessarily mean coming in straight away, right?
Apart from the screenshot, I'm not sure if the boss will check this
Bos
Try checking the receipt = is it the same?
okay boss, don't forget next time
the receipt = the reference "in"?
done. but still 0 credits
usually it automatically goes out of credit
if you want to wait for the original, you transfer 100 in this place
Maybank got blocked because of the pin number.. just tomorrow p= g maybank
interference is correct
I have been with company a=wk for more than 3 years
usually fast before n=i..aiyaa. slow to pay many are affected tonight
Yes, it's late to enter like = where do you want to bet more balls?
I don't want to topup it.. I already have it.. I want to wait for the money to come in before I can bet
there is understanding = to
what's this.. want to topup to the ball already hit
it has to be small, it's late to pay. m= where do you want to bet big?
I've been waiting for the money to come in for 7 hours but it hasn't come in yet
why bol= eh so it becomes like that
Nope...I topup first, nope...promise I can withdraw...I'm waiting for you to refund my credit
Hi. I wthdraw rm20 at 9.39pm but still not recei= ved. Please help and thank you.
Boss, why hasn't the washing come in yet?
it's already entered the wallet b= oss ok.
b= oss why does sy widrow cash not come in anymore ..?
Not yet.. I want to go in again, but when I let go = I get it.. Hehe
Please cek my withdrawal
it's you normally you can just use hsbc bank in
I usually use hsbc in the bank, okay okay=
kn = today I have to ask for the time and date
Why is it tonight? What time is it?
you can also check whether I transfer to t=k
why can't
after all, if the receipt is not here, I will lose
Again = what do you want to draw?
Money out of the game is there
I played earlier and there were already more than 200. I stopped for now. I opened it again and the money was not enough =
Mega 888
Money is gone = d mega. After that I played kiss duit blane
In the cloud there is no = money
P= I'm playing on Mega and there are more than 200. I stopped for a moment and opened it all, the money was already low, there were only more than 70 left
When playing mega money, there are already more than 200 more = . When you open mega money again, it's less, only 74 left
I have already sent the receipt, I want to see it
ask for the boss's receipt = want to see
ok boss..sorry..while logging in id
It's normal for human bosses to make mistakes once in a while
don't bother washing it again at the 70's??
Hey money = where was the 70 wash before, it didn't go in
come in fast??
I = have a friend please transfer using my account. but that's my receipt for him. = now I'm waiting for a refund for a long time
If you want to play slots in this MCM, where is it, boss?
In Tesl=a there is a slot game, if we want to play MCM, which one?
but i press that maybank, enter = near cimb
I sent it earlier, the boss can check the time ma
You can check this receipt too
u look at the details = near there
Do you understand that the receipt was deleted???????
where does it come in?
Maybank Is there any maintenance?
This morning, boss, I had a withdrawal, but it didn't come in. What's up, boss?
d= out x ada msuk
Boss, I have 20 washes but if there is no msu = go to Benk
Hello boss, there is no more money in my account
I usually do it at fast payment, come in quickly..
Boss, I have a withdrawal, it hasn't started yet
there I am, I transfer again 27
s= I wanted to screenshot the receipt but I pressed the wrong button, boss... I just screenshotted the transaction
How do you open the receipt?
want to inform withdraw again 30 = the one before last 50. still not entered the acc. just inform aja kot you o= rang lupa. =F0=9F=91=8D
the correct name is already sahiri= , how do you want to edit the full name? CIMB bank pn sahiri's name too
want to withdraw back to??
Member I please transfer that, miss.
Boss, why is the money coming in late?
My money has already been withdrawn but I have not entered the account yet=
wi= thdraw has been approved
Boss, credit hasn't arrived yet = thanks
boss ask to check joker member id 110103jk
I've been waiting for 20 minutes
Boss, why isn't the money I deposited coming in again?
What time was the last time you bought the number?
Why is my withdrawal not approved anymore, boss?
money doesn't go into the bank
Maybank maintenance to the boss
Big think pay foreign or pay once with ibox = Boss??
Today I took that no. 7865 on Big with = ibox
No. 7865 which I took was the Special, but = only paid RM8, not as it should be if you take the Special you pay RM210
I'm worried because there are many people who want to buy it with my 4d
Game not available
I got RM21 in red envelopes earlier
My customer has already registered, but he used a receipt from my bank, can you fill in the deposit?
You have already paid, people withdraw it
Why haven't you come in yet, boss?
It takes a long time for the credit to come in
If you use iOS, you can't download it, mega?
if I have money = in the old bank account, I have already installed this other game... I have to wait for this money... because there is no money in my bank account, boss...
Do you have a system? Then you make a lot. Slow. = 1 hour more fun Just try again
wrong password
is there a link to download?
deposit money = not yet entered
I mistyped the i.d number on the receipt
Boss..why hasn't the money from Mega entered my wallet?
yes, you don't pay straight away
Is there anything special today?
Has the credit still not come in, boss?
If I upload, do I get a receipt?
first, the bank app is= I can't screenshot. second, I forgot to share the receipt.
please check wi=thdraw request.. why is it not approved anymore?
Hello boss..is it true that the receipt from an ATM for top-up can't be processed? Because earlier I made a top-up via ATM but the receipt slip image doesn't support it.
why is the slot so hard!!!!
Why didn't the money I bet on the soccer game come in?
incorrectly filled in the reference on the receipt.
